=head1 Linux::Hosts

Query and change system hosts file.

=over

=item * list entries Linux::Hosts::Entry

=item * add entry

=item * remove entry

=item * set hostname, add or remove hostname aliases of existing entry

=back

All methods throw an exception Linux::Hosts::Exception on failure.

=over

=item * attribute validation

=item * missing or already existing entry

=item * read, write permission

=back

For further information see C<man 5 hosts>.

=head1 Attributes

=head2 C<has 'entries'; #41>

Hash of entries with address as identifier.

=head1 Methods

=head2 C<sub list($self, $family); #135>

Return list of entries sorted by address and optional filtered by inet
family, ipv4 or ipv6.

=head2 C<sub add($self, $address, $hostname, $aliases); #161>

Add hosts entry defined by following attributes.

=over

=item * IPv6 / IPv4 address

=item * hostname

=item * list of aliases (optional)

=back

=head2 C<sub remove($self, $address); #186>

Remove entry by address.

=head2 C<sub set_hostname($self, $address, $hostname); #199>

Set canonical hostname of existing entry.

=head2 C<sub add_alias($self, $address, $aliases); #217>

Add single or list of hostname aliases of existing entry.

=head2 C<sub remove_alias($self, $address, $aliases); #235>

Remove single or list of hostname aliases of existing entry.

=cut

#Pod::HTML2Pod conversion notes:
# 1560 bytes of input
#Sun Dec 19 14:16:47 2021 tschaefer
# No a_name switch not specified, so will not try to render <a name='...'>
# Will try to render <a href='...'>
# Untranslatable link: "Hosts/Entry.html"
# Untranslatable link: "Hosts/Exception.html"
